Switch from DocumentationProvider to DocumentationTargetProvider (#1037)
JetBrains/intellij-sdk-docs: topics/reference_guide/custom_language_support/documentation.md

</tldr>

Custom languages can display documentation for various constructs, such as functions, methods, classes, or others, directly within the IDE.
To access the documentation, users can either select <ui-path>View | Quick Documentation</ui-path> or hover over a symbol.
This will open a popup that displays type information, parameters, usage descriptions, or examples.
The source of the documentation content can vary.
While it is often extracted from comments in the source code (e.g., JavaDoc comments),
external resources, such as web pages, can also be accessed.

From IntelliJ Platform version 2023.1 onwards, plugin developers can choose to implement

> one of three extension points (EPs) from the new `DocumentationTarget` API based on the specific use-case.

Author: Yes, I kind of like this idea because it is more readable. I implemented this change.

PsiDocumentationTargetProvider
: Implement
[`PsiDocumentationTargetProvider`](%gh-ic%/platform/lang-impl/src/com/intellij/platform/backend/documentation/PsiDocumentationTargetProvider.java)
and register it as `com.intellij.platform.backend.documentation.psiTargetProvider` extension point to build documentation
for PSI elements by overriding `PsiDocumentationTargetProvider.documentationTarget()`.

SymbolDocumentationTargetProvider
: Implement
[`SymbolDocumentationTargetProvider`](%gh-ic%/platform/lang-impl/src/com/intellij/platform/backend/documentation/SymbolDocumentationTargetProvider.java)
and register it as `com.intellij.platform.backend.documentation.symbolTargetProvider` extension point to build documentation
for [](symbols.md) by overriding `SymbolDocumentationTargetProvider.documentationTarget()`.

### `DocumentationTarget`

Each of the implementations above returns instances of
[`DocumentationTarget`](%gh-ic%/platform/lang-impl/src/com/intellij/platform/backend/documentation/DocumentationTarget.kt).
The main work is done in `computeDocumentation()` where the documentation is built from the available
information.

> If plugin developers worked with the now deprecated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a plugin implemented the now deprecated
```

[`DocumentationProvider`](%gh-ic%/platform/analysis-api/src/com/intellij/lang/documentation/DocumentationProvider.java)
before, then `computeDocumentation()` should do the work that was formerly done in
`DocumentationProvider.generateDoc()`.

In addition to showing the documentation, the `computeDocumentationHint()` method returns the text to be displayed
when the user hovers over an element with <shortcut>Ctrl</shortcut>/<shortcut>Cmd</shortcut> pressed or when
<ui-path>Preferences | Editor | Code Editing | "Show quick documentation on hover"</ui-path> is enabled.
In the old framework, this method was called `DocumentationProvider.getQuickNavigateInfo()`.

The `createPointer()` method manages instance restoration and ensures access to the entity across different read actions.
When implementing the `createPointer()` method, it is essential to handle invalidated PSI elements.
Unlike PSI elements, the `DocumentationTarget` API does not include an `isValid()` method and the returned pointer is expected
to be `null` if the instance (and all contained objects) cannot be restored.

> Plugin authors can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See
```

[`KotlinDocumentationTarget.createPointer()`](%gh-ic%/plugins/kotlin/fir/src/org/jetbrains/kotlin/idea/quickDoc/KotlinDocumentationTarget.kt)
as a reference.

### Examples
{#documentationtarget-api-examples}

- [`KotlinPsiDocumentationTargetProvider`](%gh-ic%/plugins/kotlin/fir/src/org/jetbrains/kotlin/idea/quickDoc/KotlinPsiDocumentationTargetProvider.kt).
- [`KotlinDocumentationTarget`](%gh-ic%/plugins/kotlin/fir/src/org/jetbrains/kotlin/idea/quickDoc/KotlinDocumentationTarget.kt)
- [`PsiElementDocumentationTarget`](%gh-ic%/platform/lang-impl/src/com/intellij/lang/documentation/psi/PsiElementDocumentationTarget.kt)

## DocumentationProvider API

> > As of IntelliJ Platform version 2023.1 the `DocumentationProvider` API is deprecated and plugin
> > authors should use the [](#documentationtarget-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As of IntelliJ Platform version 2023.1, the `DocumentationProvider` API is deprecated, and it should be migrated to the [](#documentationtarget-api).
```

Author: I'll change this to "... and plugins should migrate to.." because the "it" in your sentence would refer to the API which doesn't make sense.
